doc: add recommendation to the best practices (#5985)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/best-practices/pod-security-standards.md

- **For workloads that need elevated permissions:** it is recommended that you ensure the namespace containing your 
solution is labeled accordingly. You can either update your operator to manage the namespace labels or include 
the namespace labeling as part of the manual install instructions. 

> On top of that, cluster admins will be looking to understand why your solution requires raised permissions. 
> In this way, please ensure that you properly describe the reasons. 

Reviewer: Small nit:
```suggestion
It is recommended that you provide a description to help cluster admins understand why elevated permissions are required.
```
